all right so this is my first video but
I'm going to be doing a review on Alien
Workshop hex mark anaglyph skateboard
see it rob dyrdek Wow um skateboard I
bought it on eBay as a complete I guess
I could think I got it for $74 or
something like that or I think that's a
great deal the trucks the wheels and the
bangs in hard way they're not like the
greatest they're not like a pro brand
but I don't necessarily think they're
generic or anything like that but they
work for me at least but especially for
$74 they work this board that has
texmarq technology which that had means
his honeycomb shaped carbon-fiber inlays
in the board and you can actually see it
it's a good tape on and on you can see
the inlays and it just adds a bunch of
strength and durability and it helps
maintain the shape of the board I think
it's pretty cool um it's a great board
kit it's got lots of pop I've been able
to master my always pretty good on it I
just like I'm kind of a beginner skater
I but I've managed to get my Ollie's and
my kick flips and my big spins and
things like that on it um I can get my
ollie pretty high on it now oh my light
I love this board it's not really
raising yet it's getting a little flat
right there but I don't know it it
probably will raise the tail like most
boards do but it hasn't yet and like the
graphic it kind of just scratches like I
don't know it doesn't really weigh this
kind of scratches for some reason like
when I'll be doing my kick flips like
when I was learning my fake flips like
I'll and I would like this and I don't
scrape on the ground there kind of see
like right there it's shining down it's
grounding down my grip tape and you're
getting flat out the talk but I don't
know that's kind of weird I think and
it's not really it's really flexible
board it's not very stiff
really like I thought it would be really
stiff from the Hindley's but I got do a
kickflip and I neither one slick it far
enough I'll click it too much and it
will land like this and I'll actually
land on it and it flexes pretty far when
you land on it like that it kind of
scares me I'm gonna snap it or ruin it
but it even though it does that it still
keeps the shape like it's got a lot of
concave I kind of like Ike I thought I
would like a bunch of concave more than
I actually do I think that's a little
easier to do your tricks if there's less
concave but I don't really care it's so
good and it's a great board I would
definitely recommend it
no I don't think very much it's kinda
hard to find now it's not like I think
it's a little bit of an older board I
think you can still find out zoomies I
think I don't I don't know if you can
find the dyrdek one but supposed to find
on eBay and stuff but it's a great board
definitely recommend it
yep I'll probably do another review once
I've skated the crap out of this thing
and I'm getting a new board I like one
next time we get a new board and give
you a final review but so far it's
absolutely great yep so check you later
you